            SMPTE COLOR BARS (1/3)

This pattern can be used to calibrate for NTSC
levels regarding contrast and brightness, and 
appropiate colors as well. 

You can toggle between 75% and 100% SMPTE color 
bars by pressing $A.

When in PAL, this pattern shows the EBU color
bars intead, since setup starts at 0mV.

In an SMPTE color bar image, the top two-thirds
of the television picture contain seven vertical
bars of 75% intensity. In order from left to
                                         (cont...)
            SMPTE COLOR BARS (2/3)

right, the colors are gray, yellow, cyan, green,
magenta, red, and blue. This sequence runs 
through all seven possible combinations that use
at least one of the three basic color components
of green, red, and blue, with blue cycling on 
and off between every bar, red cycling on and 
off every two bars, and green on for the leftmost
four bars and off for the rightmost three.

Below the main set of seven bars is a strip of 
blue, magenta, cyan, and white castellations. 
When a television receiver is set to filter out 
all colors except for blue, these castellations, 
                                         (cont...)
            SMPTE COLOR BARS (3/3)

combined with the main set of color bars, are 
used to properly adjust the color controls; they
appear as four solid blue bars, with no visible 
distinction between the bars and the 
castellations, if the color controls are properly
adjusted.